Yarp/otlp (#6331)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: eng/readme-templates/Use.yarp.md

The [YARP GitHub repository](https://github.com/dotnet/yarp/tree/main/samples/) contains more configuration samples.

For more details, see the [documentation](https://aka.ms/YarpDocumentation) for how to configure the image and documentation for the reverse proxy configuration.

{{ARGS["top-header"]}}# OpenTelemetry support

This image supports OpenTelemetry. It can be configured by passing environment variables to the container:

```bash
docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/my-config.config:/etc/yarp.config -p 5000:5000 -e OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=https://otlp-endpoint.internal:4317 mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/yarp:latest
```

> See the [OTLP Exporter Configuration](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter/) for all available variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [OTLP Exporter Configuration](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter/) for all supported environment variables.
```

> You can skip https validation for the OTLP endpoint only by passing the environment variable `YARP_UNSAFE_OLTP_CERT_ACCEPT_ANY_SERVER_CERTIFICATE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip HTTPS validation for the OTLP endpoint only by passing the environment variable `YARP_UNSAFE_OLTP_CERT_ACCEPT_ANY_SERVER_CERTIFICATE`.
```
